Nikki Statum Mingo was born and raised in a loving traditional home in St. Louis, Missouri. Her mother holds a Doctoral degree in education and has been educating children for decades. Her father was a Navy veteran and has since retired from Boeing as a quality engineer. She has an older sister and a younger brother and she always tries to keep busy whether by bettering her local community, spending time with her family, or trying new things. Nikki has always been very family oriented because whe knows her family members are the people who will always be there to support her as she strives to achieve all of her goals. Her mother lives 5 minutes north and her brother lives 5 minutes south of her home. 

Nikki attended Incarnate Word Academy High School, where she participated in many extracuriclar activities. She was a member of the state championship basketball team, a member of the Track Club and a member of OBA (Outstanding Black Achievers). Nikki was instramental in selecting and campaigning for several class presidents while in High School. 

In 1995, Nikki choose to go to Central Missouri State University to continue her education goals. While in college, Nikki remained active and joined the flag football intramural team, the basketball intermural team and joined Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Nikki served as the treasurer of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for 2 years. 

Nikki is still a financial active member of the St. Louis Alumane chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. where she serves on the Reclamation and Retention committee and participates in several community service projects. She has served on the board at St. Margaret of Scotland, the PTA fro St. Margaret of Scotland, the head basketball coach and soccer coach at St. Margaret of Scotland. Nikki has always been very dedicated and hardworkingwhen trying to achieve her goals. She does not let any obstacles get in her way; she perserveres and keeps working towards her goals. 

